Cordelia

Status d6 d8 d10

Powers
	Cosmic d10
	Mind Tentacles d8
	Telekinesis d10
	Remote Viewing d8
	Absorption d8

Qualities
	Self-Discipline d12
	Otherworldy Mythos d8
	Siren's Song d8

Abilities
	ga:Psychic Assault :: p:Telekinesis :: a:d, h:n :: Attack using Telekinesis. Hinder the target using your Min die.
	ga:Psychic Coordination :: p:Remote Viewing :: b:d :: Boost using Remote Viewing. Apply that bonus to all hero Attack and Overcome actions until the start of your next turn.
	ga:Principle of Science :: o:x :: Overcome while applying specific scientific principles. Use your Max die. You and each of your allies gain a hero point.
	ga:Principle of the Sea :: o:x :: Overcome a situation while underwater and use your Max die. You and each of your allies gain a hero point.
	ya:Encourage :: p:Cosmic :: a:d, b:n :: Attack using Cosmic. Boost all nearby heroes taking Attack or Overcome actions using your Min die until your next turn.
	ya:Mass Effect :: p:Mind Tentacles :: bh:d :: Boost or Hinder using Mind Tentacles and apply that mod to multiple close targets.
	ya:Astral Projection :: p:Remote Viewing :: o:nx :: Overcome using Remote Viewing and use your Max+Min dice. You do not have to be physically present in the area you are Overcoming.
	ya:Telekinetic Assault :: p:Telekinesis :: a:x, a:d, a:n :: Attack using Telekinesis. Either Attack one target and use your Max die, or two targets and use your Mid die against one and your Min die against another.
	rr:Defensive Deflection :: p!:Absorption :: ad:d :: When you would be dealt damage, you may roll your single Absorption die as a Defend against that damage and as an Attack against a nearby target other than the source of that damage.
	ra:Summoned Allies :: p:Mind Tentacles :: -:d :: Use Mind Tentacles to create a number of d6 minions equal to your Mid die. Choose the one same basic action that they each perform. They all act at the start of your turn.
	ra:Powerful Strike :: p:Cosmic :: a:dx :: Attack using Cosmic. Use your Max+Mid dice.
	oa:Out :: - :: Choose an ally. Until your next turn, that ally may reroll one of their dice by using a Reaction.
