Payback

Status d8 d8 d8

Powers
	Absorption d10
	Vitality d8
	Momentum d6
	Power Suit d8
	Strength d8

Qualities
	Close Combat d10
	Leadership d8
	Imposing d8
	Slow to Anger d8

Abilities
	gi:Overpower :: - :: Whenever you are Boosted, increase that bonus by +1. Then, if that bonus is +5 or higher, take damage equal to that bonus and remove it.
	ga:Defensive Strike :: p:Power Suit :: d:d, a:n :: Defend using Power Suit. Attack using your Min die.
	ga:Precise Strike :: p:Absorption :: a:d :: Attack using Absorption. Ignore all penalties on this Attack, ignore any Defend actions, and it cannot be affected by Reactions.
	ga:Dual Strike :: q:Close Combat :: a:d, a:n :: Attack one target using Close Combat. Attack a second target using your Min die.
	ga:Principle of Amnesia :: o:x :: Overcome a situation where a completely fresh perspective is useful and use your Max die. You and each of your allies gain a hero point.
	yr:Misdirection :: p!:Absorption :: d:x :: When a nearby hero in the Yellow or Red zone would take damage, Defend against that damage by rolling your single Absorption die, then redirect any remaining damage to a nearby minion of your choice.
	ya:Personal Upgrade :: p:Vitality :: b:x :: Boost yourself using Vitality. Use your Max die. That bonus is persistent and exclusive.
	ya:Throw Minion :: p:Strength :: a:d :: Attack a minion using Strength. Whatever that minion rolls as defense Attacks another target of your choice.
	ri:Push Your Limits :: - :: You have no limit on amount of Reactions you can take. Each time you use a Reaction after the first one each turn, take 1 irreducible damage or take a minor twist.
	rr:Defensive Deflection :: p!:Power Suit :: d:d, a:d :: When you would be dealt damage, you may roll your single Power Suit die as a Defend against that damage and as an Attack against a nearby target other than the source of that damage.
	rr:Reactive Strike :: p!:Strength :: a:d :: When you are Attacked and dealt damage, you may Attack the source of that damage by rolling your single **Strength** die, plus the amount of damage you take.
	oa:Out :: p!:Absorption :: d:n :: Defend an ally by rolling your single Absorption die.
